index-DYwxReYX.js:117 Extracted content: .snoo-cls-1 { fill: url(#snoo-radial-gragient) white; } .snoo-cls-1, .snoo-cls-2, .snoo-cls-3, .snoo-cls-4, .snoo-cls-5, .snoo-cls-6, .snoo-cls-7, .snoo-cls-8, .snoo-cls-9, .snoo-cls-10, .snoo-cls-11 { stroke-width: 0px; } .snoo-cls-2 { fill: url(#snoo-radial-gragient-2) white; } .snoo-cls-3 { fill: url(#snoo-radial-gragient-3) white; } .snoo-cls-4 { fill: url(#snoo-radial-gragient-4) #fc4301; } .snoo-cls-5 { fill: url(#snoo-radial-gragient-6) black; } .snoo-cls-6 { fill: url(#snoo-radial-gragient-8) black; } .snoo-cls-7 { fill: url(#snoo-radial-gragient-5) #fc4301; } .snoo-cls-8 { fill: url(#snoo-radial-gragient-7) white; } .snoo-cls-9 { fill: #842123; } .snoo-cls-10 { fill: #ff4500; } .snoo-cls-11 { fill: #ffc49c; }
Log In
r/CasualConversation
MaximumEase5797
Just Chatting
For me it was finally negotiating rent on my own apartment for the first time. I know that sounds very basic to some of you, but I've been living with roommates for such a long time and there was always someone else who handled the "business" side of things. But last month I found this place I really wanted and had to deal with the landlord directly. The initial asking price was way more than I wanted to pay, and old me would have just walked away or accepted it. But something clicked and I actually researched comparable rents in the area, put together a little presentation on my phone with screenshots and asked if we could negotiate a price which suits as both.
I wasn't aggressive about it like I just laid out some screenshots of places close by and why I thought the price was high and what I could realistically afford. Turned out the place had been sitting empty for two months and they were motivated to fill it. We settled on something $200 less than asking and they agreed to cover utilities for the first six months. Walking out of there with keys in my hand and knowing I did this all myself I don't know I just felt something that I've never ever felt in my life. I can't really explain it with words. The apartment isn't fancy but it's mine at least. No shared kitchen drama, no arguing and just full privacy.
What about you all? What made you feel like you'd finally figured out something like this?
ZebbianaHeart
5h ago
advocating for your own needs, especially in a high-stakes situation like housing, takes real maturity.
laurenfcp
Handled something for my parents- usually they handle things for me
Elastichedgehog
It was incredibly jarring when my parents asked me for advice during the pandemic about what they should do.
nice!
PrettyDreamybabe
booked my own doctor’s appointment
Ohsweetmelanie
Interestingly, this seems to be a thing for you young folks. When my daughter kept asking me to do some of these things for her, I blamed myself. Then it dawned on me that social media really has stripped many of you guys who grew up with it of your voice. And thats nothing bad against you guys. Its more just an observation of what objects, technology, etc can do in shifting how we live, learn, communicate, date, work, etc, etc.
When I figured this out with my own daughter, all that became very eye-opening to me. It honestly kind of made me sad for you younger adults bc it means you have to work twice as hard to ramp up to accomplish some things. So I am very proud of you on your accomplishment with this. Doesn't seem like it would've been a big deal 40 years ago, but it is today!
2 more replies
Vast_Reflection
Realizing that if I want to do something with my life, I actually have to put the effort in. Obviously I’ve known that forever, but I guess I emotionally understand it more? I could put the blame on my relationships for not encouraging or inspiring me and dragging me down, or I could face the fact that even without relationships in my life, I’d probably be in the same place.
I started taking a class where there’s several people twice my age and still in the beginner stages, and honestly that made me think - if they can commit to this, even though they know their bodies aren’t always going to cooperate and that they might never see the finish line, maybe I could actually turn my life around.
I don’t know where I’m going yet, but I finally feel like I can, rather than discouraged that I haven’t yet, if that makes sense. I might be “behind” in a way, but that doesn’t mean I can’t start now.
LethalLlama478
I got a 3 day to pay or vacate notice.
I miss the good old days where money wasn’t tight and I didn’t feel like I was just simply surviving.
A sense of pride and accomplishment, huh? That's awesome, and an awesome feeling when it happens! I don't know ya but im proud of you! Congrats on your new place!
Elegant-Expert7575
Just bought a brand new vehicle and had it financed from the dealership entirely on my own, no help. No second hand car lot. No settling for a vehicle I didn’t want. Every single feature you could think of. Like you, it’s probably something many have done a million times over, but I never have.And, I’m 55. :)
TheReader016
4h ago
Pay for my own bills, buy my own grocer, Do errands on my own, decision making on a daily life
Wumutissunshinesmile
Wow that's really good to get so much off! ☺️
Hmm, I went to a job interview and got told on spot I wasn't the right fit and the guy went on for 5 minutes about why and I felt a little upset like I wanted to cry. But I held back and he said he didn't want to make me think I had a chance and wanted just to be honest. I thanked him for his honesty rather than get upset. I said I wish more people were like that. I sort of do. Funny thing is I read bad reviews about working there but still felt kinda sad to be told so quickly. But also looked back at job description and he half of what he told me the job wasn't was a lie as it said the job entailed it. He said I seemed lovely though and if it was a different job I'd have got it maybe. I wondered after if maybe he too thought it a bad place to work too and thought I was nice and didn't want me to work there and that's really it. Could be wrong ofc. But it was all very strange. Never had an interview like it.
Hungry_Raccoon_4364
I went to a planning committee meeting at my city. I have been trying to arrange a meeting with the mayor and council person for my district… and in the background, inciting the rest of the neighborhood to unit write emails and even… dare I say… protest… I feel like such a Norma Rae…
SparkleStorm93
Making the decision to end my relationship with my partner of 6 years. We have a daughter together, and have known each other 20 years. Without a doubt the biggest decision I’ve ever had to make.
kelpiekid
Our walk-in closet has been a mess since the day we moved in, with clothes and bags absolutely everywhere, on the floor, with no sense of organization. It caused me so much unnecessary stress, and often chose to wear less work appropriate clothes just so I didn't have to go in the closet.
I finally got the energy, we went through our clothes to donate some, and i bought some crappy bins and shelves and hooks, and holy cow the closet is so nice. There's nothing on the floor and I can mostly find what I am looking for. It's not a huge thing but it feels huge to me
In this manic energy, I also hung up a spice rack in my pantry and it drastically improved quality of life there too
LeighofMar
Pitched a potential project to an investor who is very interested and we will talk again next week.
TheOriginalGenieSea
Fantastic! Congrats! My first apartment on my own, as well. I barely had furniture to fill it but I remember sitting on the stoop of my balcony and feeling such a sense of satisfaction.
Lucky-Guess8786
3h ago
Well done, OP. That is indeed proper adulting.
Wait till the time you buy your first new car. One with the new-car smell that is not artificially sprayed. It's a great feeling. Took me 50+ years to do it. I was so proud when I was handed the keys to my first brand new vehicle. Loved that wee girl. :)
View more comments
Create your account and connect with a world of communities.
Continue with Email
Continue With Phone Number
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
What’s something adults are “supposed” to do that just feels off to you?
r/Life
42 upvotes · 64 comments
Me with....literally anything anymore. I don't want to be the adult. Someone..please send help?!?!
r/Adulting
160 upvotes · 22 comments
Adult things
2K upvotes · 24 comments
456 upvotes · 282 comments
What being an adult feels like
2.3K upvotes · 21 comments
I love being an adult!
40 upvotes · 28 comments
What’s something that’s scares you as an adult?
237 upvotes · 156 comments
What’s something you started doing as an adult that made your life noticeably better?
r/AskMen
79 upvotes · 125 comments
Being an adult is fucking awesome
777 upvotes · 121 comments
What was a key moment that made you realize you were a “real” adult?
r/Productivitycafe
What makes you feel like an actual adult?
66 upvotes · 106 comments
When did you feel like an adult?
r/Millennials
54 upvotes · 109 comments
What's your life like as an adult?
r/AutismInWomen
45 upvotes · 35 comments
This sub is real negative about being an adult. I used to think like that too.
273 upvotes · 59 comments
I still don't "feel" like an adult despite doing adult things
36 upvotes · 52 comments
Is there a point in life where you actually start to feel like an adult?
r/AskUK
36 upvotes · 83 comments
What sad reality of being an adult that young people should know?
290 upvotes · 677 comments
When did you actually feel like an adult?
43 upvotes · 123 comments
Does anyone else feel like turning into an adult just feels kind of odd in general?
43 upvotes · 17 comments
What's an adult problem no one warned you about?
49 upvotes · 318 comments
Is it what adulting feels ?
r/GenZ
212 upvotes · 15 comments
DAE feel like you’re failing at being an adult?
r/AutisticAdults
44 upvotes · 22 comments
The more i grow up, the more i realize that "real adults" don't know what they're doing either
456 upvotes · 14 comments
A weird part of becoming an adult is realizing that every aspect of society has several hours of work put into it that seem totally unnecessary on the surface
854 upvotes · 88 comments
Public
Reddit Rules
Reddit, Inc. © 2025. All rights reserved. on the state it's: 
